# Bingo Minecraft Datapack
Datapack for the game "Minecraft" which implements my take on the minigame "Bingo". For Versions 1.20.2+

## Download
To download this datapack, first go into the **Release/** folder then navigate to your preferred version.
Download the latest version's **.zip** file
## Setup
Once you have downloaded the datapack, you will need to install it into your Minecraft world.
You can either set it up upon creating a world, or after a world has been generated by going through the game's file.

### On World Creation
Once you are on the world creation screen, you will go to the tab "**More**" then click on the "**Datapack**" button.
A menu will appear containing some default Minecraft datapack. You can then Drag and Drop the file previously downloaded onto the Minecraft window to add it. You can then select it from the left list to activate it for this world.

### Using game's file
Navigate to your world's file, then go into **datapack/** and paste your downloaded file here

## Usage
Once in game, use the command **/reload** to make sure the datapack correctly initialize itself. You should be teleported into a glass cage at 0, 0 if you were not here already.
Instructions will appear in the chat, you can follow them to receive a book containing everything you need to set up and start a game.

When you are playing, you can always type the command **/trigger list** to display your current list.

If you want to reset the datapack entirely (perhaps after finishing a game), you can simply type **/reload** again!

## Contributions 
This is an open source project, however no commercial uses are allowed. Meaning no incomes should be made by using this project.
If you want to add features or port it to newer version, you can send me a **[Discord](https://discordapp.com/users/671035455466242089)** message request specifying from where you came and with a thorough explanation of what you want to do/add.
